Product Manager Job Description Template
Our software company is seeking an experienced Product Manager. The successful candidate will be responsible for bringing new product lines to consumers in an engaging, functional way, while opening up fresh distribution channels and collaborating with other departments. (Source: Indeed) Our founding team brings significant experience in the software industry and venture development. We have a broad vision to automate the offices of the world and make the lives of our customers easier. If you share our passion to reduce workflow and build the future of a more productive workplace, we are happy to hear from you!

Responsibilities

Taking full ownership over the product life cycle.
Understanding customer needs through research and market data.
Creating, implementing timelines and roadmaps processes for developing and improving the product.
Interfacing with operations, sales and customer service to ensure that the desired economic and operational KPI’s are met throughout the lifecycle of a product. (Source: N26.com)
Guiding the success of our product and communicating with the cross-functional team that is responsible for improving it (e.g., engineers, designers, stakeholders).
Qualifications

You have at least a Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field or a strong technical background.
You have 3 + years of working experience as a Product Manager, preferably in startup company.
You are strong in analytics, structured, data driven and have good interpersonal skills.
You are digitally native: solving complicated problems and understanding end-customer needs are part of your core strengths.
You are an outgoing, open minded person and able to motivate a team to go the extra mile, same as you do. (Source: N26.com)
A hands-on mentality, stress resistance.
Ability to weigh competing priorities, manage tradeoffs and evaluate opportunistic new ideas with stakeholders, driving to consensus while maintaining a clear focus on overarching business priorities. (Source: The Ladders)
Last but not least, experience with Agile methodology as well as UX is definitely a plus but not a MUST.
Excellent English skills (written and spoken)
Company Profile

We are a young, motivated, experienced and international  team of top performers
Our office is located in the heart of downtown Austin, Texas
We’re always learning and pushing boundaries, for us that’s the first step to a fulfilling career
Special Lunch (healthy) deal for employees – and free lunch on Thursdays.
You can choose to work with a macbook or windows laptop.
Free Gym membership