Passionate, value-driven product manager with experience leading cross-functional teams to plan, build, launch and manage world-class SaaS innovations. Blend technology skills with extensive Agile/Scrum experience, a marketing orientation and analytical abilities to evolve product strategy. Prioritize and manage multiple projects within specifications and budget restrictions.
free gym membership
Own the product lifecycle from initial concept to delivery. Skills include:

Technical Product R&D
Team Leadership
Product Lifecycle Management
Agile / Scrum Methodologies
Go-to-Market Launch Plans
Product Roadmaps
SDLC
UX / UI Design
QA Testing
SaaS Solutions
Requirements Gathering & Analysis
Market & Competitor Research
Test-Driven Development
Troubleshooting & Debugging
Financial Modeling & Forecasting
Professional Experience

ABC COMPANY (SaaS solutions provider serving the banking industry) — Sometown, CA
Product Manager, 2011 to Present

Lead teams of 20+ development, engineering, product, design and marketing professionals in all phases of custom product solutions delivery (from requirements gathering through build, test phases, QA, launch and support) for banking and financial services clients. Results:

Introduced groundbreaking product suite, a "Top New Tech" winner at global banking symposium

Managed concept-to-launch of commercial banking front-end solution enabling real-time monitoring of online customer transactions. Top-selling product has generated $15M+ since its 2013 launch.
Completed development and global market launch of cutting-edge SaaS solution for payment activity, accelerating average transaction-processing time from 24 hours to less than one minute.
Led development of a suite of mobile apps providing bank customers with the ability to complete fast, secure transactions (e.g., account-to-account withdrawals, transfers, deposits and payments) as well as balance inquiries via mobile devices.
Ensured products met or exceeded client expectations. Excelled at gathering feedback and requirements; communicating needed changes to development team; and overseeing seamless, high-quality rollouts to on-time and on-budget conclusion.
Developed a deep understanding of the business objectives of internal and external stakeholders; evangelized the product vision and built trust by maintaining an accurate and achievable roadmap.
Previous Software Engineering Role: Served as Technical Product & Software Engineer for DEF COMPANY (a Fortune 500 telecom leader), 2007 to 2011.

Education

MBA, Marketing Emphasis l XYZ University
BS, Major in Computer Science l ZYX University
Certificate in UX Design l ABC College

Technology Summary

Java, Groovy, C, C++, JavaScript, Angular JS, jQuery, Ruby, VBA
Jersey, Spring MVC, Rails, Grails, Sinatra
SQL (Postgres, MySQL); NoSQL (MongoDB); Liquibase, MyBatis, Hibernate